everyone so I might be some pecan you
escaped beta today let me know how you
like this new stealth commentary and
don't forget to thumbs up and favorite
the video if you found this entertaining
already so I started out the day finding
some 100 in edgeville and I started the
fight by aiming a fragmentation shot
right to the face and then followed by a
binding shot and then the piercing shot
which this is a deadly combo to use
especially unload defense and next up we
have this 103 I found her just standing
out a lot of wild again same combo I
used except this time the steel Titan
join in and ooh pretty much no chance of
survival there the next unfortunate
person of the day is a main and I guess
he didn't already have a chance right
there you can see here Pierce God
dominates major levels next up we have
the same guy and again the poor guy
didn't have a chance I just completely
demolished him with that same combo I
used on Pierce so low level peking was
getting boring so i decided to check a
little higher and i found this mage
combat triangle was on my side and again
i use the same combo very deadly at this
time i mixed in a snipe to obviously
increase my damage and most of time you
use it just to boost my adrenaline bar
here's a level 90 who asks for the for a
fight and unfortunately I took them away
too fast man ranges up Opie well coming
up it's a guy I fought a lot today he is
one of the best fights I've had and I
fought him several times because he
actually knows what he's doing so
definitely a lot of fun and here we got
double KO guess my kite and dropped him
right there ooh here's the same guy
again and I made sure to get a binding
shot before he dies to stone him so he
can't eat and then lay my title him as
well and there we go instant one hit
alright nice fight and yet the same
person I waited for him to kill somebody
first before attacking him but yeah the
whole wilderness his voter is multik
home right now so here you see me stir
spam try to spam my skill bar but
apparently had a chat open so I was
actually spamming the chat bar instead
of my abilities so guess my Titan pretty
much do the work here
this looks to be the same person so this
time I had the advantage the Phoenix
necklace which pretty much want me to
fight so here there we go he doesn't
have one on and he drops right there so
here's one of the more interesting
fights at half of the day I believe this
guy is addy so he's probably a room here
and I had my Titan mi range on him so
again I started a fight with a binding
shot followed by the followed by the a
piercing shot however delayed the
fragmentation shot this time because
because he is naughty p right adamant
about room here so i do not expect to
want him off the bed with that combo so
i delayed in a way for the right time so
again so this fight actually got to use
one of my special abilities compr
bombardment but and then i'll use also
use rapid fire which is one of my
threshold abilities lots of dps huge dps
but he managed tank it out so she got my
ultimate but unfortunately I didn't get
to use it now this is one of the most
interesting effects I've got into I got
into a one versus two situation pretty
much these two guys I've dropped a lot
so they want to kill me there are two
people hitting me I was like oh
what do I do what will have the
advantage of the Phoenix necklace and
the steel Titan so here is ce mai tai
and pretty much wrecked the other guy as
I focus the different he has the second
person so my Titan not yet so again same
combo I used on piers I start with
fragmentation shot well there's my
Italian just dropped the other guy and I
shortly drop the other guy but again
from kitchen shot binding shot and
piercing shock great to you some viewers
right here is another unfortunate so who
wandered into the wilderness and to get
one hit by my combo and the steel tie-in
ouch
here's another person not sure if he's
appear remain but he's about a good
combo tell by the fragmentation shot
followed by benicia and piercing shot
and on top of that a steel Titan to add
the icing on to that cake apparently is
furnace time to go to multi but this is
multi combat because he can't hit me
well Oh sucks so his friend once we get
revenge on me well one hit see you ouch
so I thought why not go on rampage so
here is the same I guess I was called a
broom puter I fought earlier and again
am I tighten and my penis necklace well
he didn't stand a chance might iron hand
my combo so next I wonder up and try to
find some other people and what do you
know I find a source guy again however
he did he did t me before so I was like
why not just him him back so I'll and my
combo and my time on him so pretty much
no chance of survival for on his half so
next I figured why not kill the other
guy too so i charged my titan and then
my combo and he goes down relatively
fast well shows the power of a one
defense pure in the new pvp system my
god ranges overpowered there we go
and all in the commentary with this
other this fight with 100 same guy
killed earlier again pretty much a
one-hit throughout the right in same
combo oh that's gotta hurt and that
concludes the first pk session I had an
interest a beta if you enjoy the video
do not forget to give it a thumbs up and
do not forget to subscribe and let me
know how you like this new style
commentary or do you prefer me to put
music in the background alright that's
it hope to see you guys next time